docs: vector cheatsheet (#1359)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: src/content/doc-surrealdb/reference-guide/vector-search.mdx

| CAPACITY      | 40        |                         | Max number of records that can be stored in the index
| DOC_IDS_ORDER | 100       |                         |
| DOC_IDS_CACHE | 100       |                         |
| MTREE_CACHE   | 100       |                         |

Examples:

```surql
-- Defaults:
DEFINE INDEX mt_idx ON pts FIELDS point MTREE DIMENSION 3;
-- Explicit:
DEFINE INDEX mt_idx ON pts FIELDS point MTREE DIMENSION 3 DIST EUCLIDEAN TYPE F64 CAPACITY 40 DOC_IDS_ORDER 100 DOC_IDS_CACHE 100 MTREE_CACHE 100;
```

### HNSW Index

| Parameter     | Default   | Options                 | Description   |
| ------------- | --------- | ----------------------- | ------------- |
| DIMENSION     |           |                         | Size of the vector
| DIST          | EUCLIDEAN | EUCLIDEAN, COSINE, MANHATTAN | Distance function
| TYPE          | F64       | F64, F32, I64, I32, I16 | Vector type
| EFC           | 150       |                         | EF construction
| M             | 12        |                         | max connections per element
| M0            | 24        |                         | max connections in the lowest layer

> | LM            | 0.40242960438184466f |              | multiplier for level generation

Author: changed in 977f88270057

Examples:

```surql
-- Defaults:
DEFINE INDEX hnsw_idx ON pts FIELDS point HNSW DIMENSION 4;
-- Explicit:

> DEFINE INDEX hnsw_idx ON pts FIELDS point HNSW DIMENSION 4 DIST EUCLIDEAN TYPE F64 EFC 150 M 12 M0 24 LM 0.40242960438184466f;

Author: changed in 977f88270057

If you’re interested in understanding Vector search in depth, checkout this academic paper on [Vector Retrieval](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.09350) written by Sebastian Bruch.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Vector Search Cheat Sheet

- M-Tree: when you need the exact nearest neighbour
- HNSW: efficient approximation for high dimensions or large datasets

> - Brute force: when you don’t define an index, or you want exact nearest neighbour, or when you provide a distance function to the query

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Brute force: when you don’t define an index, or you want exact nearest neighbours, or when you provide a distance function to the query
```

### M-Tree Index

| Parameter     | Default   | Options                 | Description   |
| ------------- | --------- | ----------------------- | ------------- |
| DIMENSION     |           |                         | Size of the vector
| DIST          | EUCLIDEAN | EUCLIDEAN, COSINE, MANHATTAN | Distance function
| TYPE          | F64       | F64, F32, I64, I32, I16 | Vector type
| CAPACITY      | 40        |                         | Max number of records that can be stored in the index
| DOC_IDS_ORDER | 100       |                         |
| DOC_IDS_CACHE | 100       |                         |
| MTREE_CACHE   | 100       |                         |

Examples:

```surql

> -- Defaults:
> DEFINE INDEX mt_idx ON pts FIELDS point MTREE DIMENSION 3;
> -- Explicit:
> DEFINE INDEX mt_idx ON pts FIELDS point MTREE DIMENSION 3 DIST EUCLIDEAN TYPE F64 CAPACITY 40 DOC_IDS_ORDER 100 DOC_IDS_CACHE 100 MTREE_CACHE 100;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- User statement:
DEFINE INDEX mt_idx ON pts FIELDS point MTREE DIMENSION 3;
-- Defaults to:
DEFINE INDEX mt_idx ON pts FIELDS point MTREE DIMENSION 3 DIST EUCLIDEAN TYPE F64 CAPACITY 40 DOC_IDS_ORDER 100 DOC_IDS_CACHE 100 MTREE_CACHE 100;
```

```

### HNSW Index

| Parameter     | Default   | Options                 | Description   |
| ------------- | --------- | ----------------------- | ------------- |
| DIMENSION     |           |                         | Size of the vector
| DIST          | EUCLIDEAN | EUCLIDEAN, COSINE, MANHATTAN | Distance function
| TYPE          | F64       | F64, F32, I64, I32, I16 | Vector type
| EFC           | 150       |                         | EF construction
| M             | 12        |                         | Max connections per element
| M0            | 24        |                         | Max connections in the lowest layer
| LM            | 0.40242960438184466f |              | Multiplier for level generation. This value is automatically calculated with a value considered as optimal.

Examples:

```surql

> -- Defaults:
> DEFINE INDEX hnsw_idx ON pts FIELDS point HNSW DIMENSION 4;
> -- Explicit:
> DEFINE INDEX hnsw_idx ON pts FIELDS point HNSW DIMENSION 4 DIST EUCLIDEAN TYPE F64 EFC 150 M 12 M0 24 LM 0.40242960438184466f;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- User statement:
DEFINE INDEX hnsw_idx ON pts FIELDS point HNSW DIMENSION 4;
-- Defaults to:
DEFINE INDEX hnsw_idx ON pts FIELDS point HNSW DIMENSION 4 DIST EUCLIDEAN TYPE F64 EFC 150 M 12 M0 24 LM 0.40242960438184466f;
```

> -- We suggest to not set an LM value. It is computed based on other parameters. Users should only change this value if they know what they are doing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- Users are strongly suggested not to set an LM value, as it is computed based on other parameters. Only users completely versed in the field should manually set it
```
